Enforce known ADX endpoints (#598)
grafana/azure-data-explorer-datasource: README.md

4. Restart the Grafana server
5. To make sure the plugin was installed, check the list of installed datasources. Click the Plugins item in the main menu. Both core datasources and installed datasources will appear.

### Enforcing trusted Azure Data Explorer endpoints

> For additional security it's possible to enforce a list of allowed trusted ADX endpoints to prevent possibility of redirecting request to a third-party endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional security, it's possible to enforce a list of trusted ADX endpoints that the cluster URL will be verified against. This prevents a request from being redirected to a third-party endpoint.
```

> It can be done by setting environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by setting the following environment variable in your Grafana configuration:
```

```

> GF_PLUGIN_ADX_ENFORCE_TRUSTED_ENDPOINTS=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADX_ENFORCE_TRUSTED_ENDPOINTS=true
```
